Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
cntWeaponsBagSmallLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Weapons Bag (Small)",,,,,
cntWeaponsBagLargeLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Weapons Bag (Large)",,,,,
cntLootChestHeroLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Reinforced Chest",,,,,
cntLootChestHeroInsecureLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Reinforced Chest (Insecure)",,,,,
cntShippingCrateShamwayLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Shamway Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntShippingCrateLabEquipmentLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Lab Equipment Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntShippingCrateBookstoreLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Bookstore Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntShippingCrateCarPartsLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Pass'n'Gas Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntShippingCrateShotgunMessiahLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Shotgun Messiah Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntShippingCrateWorkingStiffsLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Working Stiffs Sealed Shipping Crate",,,,,
cntAmmoPileSmallLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Ammo Pile (Small)",,,,,
cntAmmoPileMediumLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Ammo Pile (Medium)",,,,,
cntAmmoPileLargeLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Ammo Pile (Large)",,,,,
cntMedicalPileSmallLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Pile (Small)",,,,,
cntMedicalPileMediumLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Pile (Medium)",,,,,
cntMedicalPileLargeLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Pile (Large)",,,,,
cntFoodPileSmallLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Food Pile (Small)",,,,,
cntFoodPileMediumLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Food Pile (Medium)",,,,,
cntFoodPileLargeLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Food Pile (Large)",,,,,
cntMedicLootPileALoot,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Supplies",,,,,
cntMedicLootPileBLoot,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Supplies",,,,,

storeShelving01EmptyFM,blocks,Container,New,"Empty Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Generic1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Generic2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Generic3FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Food1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Food2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Medical1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01Tools1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Tool Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopEmptyFM,blocks,Container,New,"Empty Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopGeneric1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopGeneric2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopGeneric3FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopFood1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopFood2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopMedical1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopTools1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Tool Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleEmptyFM,blocks,Container,New,"Empty Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleGeneric1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleGeneric2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleGeneric3FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleFood1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleFood2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleMedical1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01DoubleTools1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Tool Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleEmptyFM,blocks,Container,New,"Empty Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleGeneric1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleGeneric2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleGeneric3FM,blocks,Container,New,"Generic Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleFood1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleFood2FM,blocks,Container,New,"Food Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleMedical1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Medical Store Shelves",,,,,
storeShelving01TopDoubleTools1FM,blocks,Container,New,"Tool Store Shelves",,,,,
